---
page_title: "cloudconnector_subaccount_configuration Data Source - cloudconnector"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Cloud Connector Subaccount Configuration Data Source.
  Tips:
  You must be assigned to the following roles:
  AdministratorSubaccount AdministratorDisplaySupport
  Further documentation:
  https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/subaccount
---

# cloudconnector_subaccount_configuration (Data Source)

Cloud Connector Subaccount Configuration Data Source.
				
__Tips:__
* You must be assigned to the following roles:
	* Administrator
	* Subaccount Administrator
	* Display
	* Support

__Further documentation:__
<https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/subaccount>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudconnector_subaccount_configuration" "by_id" {
  region_host = "cf.eu12.hana.ondemand.com"
  subaccount = "12345678-90ab-cdef-1234-567890abcdef"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `region_host` (String) Region Host Name.
- `subaccount` (String) The ID of the subaccount.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Description of the subaccount.
- `display_name` (String) Display name of the subaccount.
- `location_id` (String) Location identifier for the Cloud Connector instance. This property is not available if the default location ID is in use.
- `tunnel` (Attributes) Array of connection tunnels used by the subaccount. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tunnel))

<a id="nestedatt--tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tunnel`

Read-Only:

- `connected_since_time_stamp` (Number) Timestamp of the start of the connection.
- `connections` (Number) Number of subaccount connections.
- `state` (String) State of the tunnel. Possible values are: 

  | state | description | 
  | --- | --- | 
  | `Connected` | The tunnel is active and functioning properly. | 
  | `ConnectFailure` | The tunnel failed to establish a connection due to an issue. | 
  | `Disconnected` | The tunnel was previously connected but is now intentionally or unintentionally disconnected. |
- `subaccount_certificate` (Attributes) Information on the subaccount certificate such as validity period, issuer and subject DN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tunnel--subaccount_certificate))
- `user` (String) User for the specified region host and subaccount.

<a id="nestedatt--tunnel--subaccount_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tunnel.subaccount_certificate`

Read-Only:

- `issuer` (String) Certificate authority (CA) that issued this certificate.
- `not_after_time_stamp` (Number) Timestamp of the end of the validity period.
- `not_before_time_stamp` (Number) Timestamp of the beginning of the validity period.
- `serial_number` (String) Unique identifier for the certificate, typically assigned by the CA.
- `subject_dn` (String) The subject distinguished name.


