---
page_title: "scc_system_mapping_resources Data Source - scc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Cloud Connector System Mapping Resources Data Source.
  Tips:
  You must be assigned to the following roles:
  AdministratorSubaccount AdministratorDisplaySupport
  Further documentation:
  https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/system-mapping-resources
---

# scc_system_mapping_resources (Data Source)

Cloud Connector System Mapping Resources Data Source.
				
__Tips:__
* You must be assigned to the following roles:
	* Administrator
	* Subaccount Administrator
	* Display
	* Support

__Further documentation:__
<https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/system-mapping-resources>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scc_system_mapping_resources" "all" {
  region_host   = "cf.eu12.hana.ondemand.com"
  subaccount    = "12345678-90ab-cdef-1234-567890abcdef"
  virtual_host  = "virtual.example.com"
  virtual_port  = "443"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `region_host` (String) Region Host Name.
- `subaccount` (String) The ID of the subaccount.
- `virtual_host` (String) Virtual host used on the cloud side.
- `virtual_port` (String) Virtual port used on the cloud side.

### Read-Only

- `system_mapping_resources` (Attributes List) A list of system mapping resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--system_mapping_resources))

<a id="nestedatt--system_mapping_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `system_mapping_resources`

Required:

- `url_path` (String) The resource itself, which, depending on the owning system mapping, is either a URL path (or the leading section of it), or a RFC function name.

Read-Only:

- `creation_date` (String) Date of creation of system mapping resource.
- `description` (String) Description. This property is not available unless explicitly set.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Boolean flag indicating whether the resource is enabled.
- `path_only` (Boolean) Boolean flag determining whether access is granted only if the requested resource is an exact match.
				
__UI Equivalent:__ *Access Policy*

- true → *Path Only (Sub-Paths Are Excluded)*
- false → *Path And All Sub-Paths*
- `websocket_upgrade_allowed` (Boolean) Boolean flag indicating whether websocket upgrade is allowed. This property is of relevance only if the owning system mapping employs protocol HTTP or HTTPS.
