---
page_title: "scc_subaccount Resource - scc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Cloud Connector Subaccount resource.
  Tips:
  You must be assigned to the following roles:
  AdministratorSubaccount Administrator
  Further documentation:
  https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/subaccount
---

# scc_subaccount (Resource)

Cloud Connector Subaccount resource.
		
__Tips:__
* You must be assigned to the following roles:
	* Administrator
	* Subaccount Administrator

__Further documentation:__
<https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/subaccount>

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "scc_subaccount" "scc_sa" {
  region_host = "cf.eu12.hana.ondemand.com"
  subaccount = "12345678-90ab-cdef-1234-567890abcdef"
  cloud_user = "Cloud Username"
  cloud_password = "Cloud Password"
  display_name = "Subaccount_Terraform"
  description = "Description for Subaccount added via Terraform."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the cloud user.
- `cloud_user` (String) User for the specified subaccount and region host.
- `region_host` (String) Region Host Name.
- `subaccount` (String) The ID of the subaccount.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the subaccount.
- `display_name` (String) Display name of the subaccount.
- `location_id` (String) Location identifier for the Cloud Connector instance.
- `tunnel` (Attributes) Details of connection tunnel used by the subaccount. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tunnel))

<a id="nestedatt--tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tunnel`

Optional:

- `state` (String) State of the tunnel. Possible values are: 

  | state | description | 
  | --- | --- | 
  | `Connected` | The tunnel is active and functioning properly. | 
  | `ConnectFailure` | The tunnel failed to establish a connection due to an issue. | 
  | `Disconnected` | The tunnel was previously connected but is now intentionally or unintentionally disconnected. |

Read-Only:

- `application_connections` (Attributes List) Array of connections to application instances. Each connection provides information about a specific application instance accessible through the cloud connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tunnel--application_connections))
- `connected_since_time_stamp` (Number) Timestamp of the start of the connection.
- `connections` (Number) Number of subaccount connections.
- `service_channels` (Attributes List) Type and state of the service channels used (types: HANA database, Virtual Machine or RFC) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tunnel--service_channels))
- `subaccount_certificate` (Attributes) Information on the subaccount certificate such as validity period, issuer and subject DN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tunnel--subaccount_certificate))
- `user` (String) User for the specified region host and subaccount.

<a id="nestedatt--tunnel--application_connections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tunnel.application_connections`

Read-Only:

- `connection_count` (Number) Number of active connections to the specified application instance.
- `name` (String) Name of the connected application instance.
- `type` (String) Type of the connected application instance.


<a id="nestedatt--tunnel--service_channels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tunnel.service_channels`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String) Optional user-provided comment or annotation regarding the service channel.
- `details` (String) Technical details about the service channel.
- `state` (String) Current operational state of the service channel.
- `type` (String) Type of the service channel (e.g., HANA, VM, or RFC).


<a id="nestedatt--tunnel--subaccount_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tunnel.subaccount_certificate`

Read-Only:

- `issuer` (String) Certificate authority (CA) that issued this certificate.
- `not_after_time_stamp` (Number) Timestamp of the end of the validity period.
- `not_before_time_stamp` (Number) Timestamp of the beginning of the validity period.
- `serial_number` (String) Unique identifier for the certificate, typically assigned by the CA.
- `subject_dn` (String) The subject distinguished name.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```terraform
# terraform import scc_subaccount.<resource_name> '<region_host>,<subaccount>`

terraform import scc_subaccount.scc_sa 'cf.eu12.hana.ondemand.com,12345678-90ab-cdef-1234-567890abcdef'
```
