---
page_title: "scc_subaccount_k8s_service_channel Resource - scc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Cloud Connector Subaccount K8S Service Channel Resource.
  Tips:
  You must be assigned to the following roles:
  AdministratorSubaccount Administrator
  Further documentation:
  https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/subaccount-service-channels
---

# scc_subaccount_k8s_service_channel (Resource)

Cloud Connector Subaccount K8S Service Channel Resource.

__Tips:__
* You must be assigned to the following roles:
	* Administrator
	* Subaccount Administrator

__Further documentation:__
<https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/subaccount-service-channels>

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "scc_subaccount_k8s_service_channel" "scc_sc" {
  region_host = "cf.eu12.hana.ondemand.com"
  subaccount = "12345678-90ab-cdef-1234-567890abcdef"
  k8s_cluster =  "cp.app.cluster.kyma.ondemand.com"
  k8s_service =  "12345678-90ab-cdef-1234-567890abcdef"
  port = 3000
  connections = 1
  enabled = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connections` (Number) Maximal number of open connections.
- `k8s_cluster` (String) Host name to access the Kubernetes cluster.
- `k8s_service` (String) Host name providing the service inside of Kubernetes cluster.
- `port` (Number) Port of the subaccount service channel for the Kubernetes Cluster.
- `region_host` (String) Region Host Name.
- `subaccount` (String) The ID of the subaccount.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Comment or short description. This property is not supplied if no comment was provided.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Boolean flag indicating whether the channel is enabled and therefore should be open.
- `id` (Number) Unique identifier for the subaccount service channel (a positive integer number, starting with 1). This identifier is unique across all types of service channels.

### Read-Only

- `state` (Attributes) Current connection state; this property is only available if the channel is enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state))
- `type` (String) Type of Subaccount Service Channel.

<a id="nestedatt--state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state`

Read-Only:

- `connected` (Boolean) A Boolean flag indicating whether the channel is connected.
- `connected_since_time_stamp` (Number) The time stamp, a UTC long number, for the first time the channel was opened/connected.
- `opened_connections` (Number) The number of open, possibly idle connections.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```terraform
# terraform import scc_subaccount_k8s_service_channel.<resource_name> '<region_host>,<subaccount>,<id>`

terraform import scc_subaccount_k8s_service_channel.scc_sc 'cf.eu12.hana.ondemand.com,12345678-90ab-cdef-1234-567890abcdef,1'
```
